# Week 8 - 9 - 10 Slow Food Online
### Introduction to this week

#### Swedish
**Avancerad Rails, API'er och Agila utvecklingsmetoder**

Allt handlar om att plocka på sig erfarenhet och kompetens (som vi definierar kunskap omsatt i praktik). Under tre veckor bygger vi en avancerad marketplace-applikation som en fortsättning på vår SlowFood utmaning. Vi fördjupar oss i konceptet med API'r som hjälper oss att öppna upp vårt system för andra utvecklare, jobbar med mer avancerade planeringsverktyg, följer de agila arbetsmetoderna och sjösäter en fullvärdig lösning.

#### English
**Advanced Rails, APIs and Agile development methods**

These weeks strengthen and deepen your competence and experience with a large project that tests the knowledge you have gained thus far. During these three weeks, you'll build a complex and detailed application, based on the prototype you develop in Week Three. This time, you will add multiple layers of complexity, and work in Rails as Slow Food Online becomes a marketplace with several user types. We will practice Agile workflow, pushing you to work efficiently. At the end of these weeks, you will have a large, complicated, and impressive project to add to your portfolio.
## Week Lab

Slow Food Online challenge

## Learning objectives

- Learn about...

## Weekend challenge

challenge

## Learning objectives

- Learn about...

## Guide

- **Monday:**

  - [ ] Introduce the week lab
  - [ ] Do a programming demo

- **Tuesday:**
- **Wednesday:**
- **Thursday:**
- **Friday:**

  - [ ] Introduce the Weekend Challenge
  - [ ] Do a programming demo with focus on...
