## Week 11 - 12
### Introduction to this week

#### Swedish
##### Slutprojekt
Vid det här läget är deltagarna mer eller mindre självgående och det är åter igen dags att omsätta förgående veckors kunskaper i praktisk tillämpning.
Deras produktportfölj kommer att utökas med ytterligare en applikation.
I grupper om tre till fyra jobbar de fram en så kallad minimum viable product (MVP) som de sätter i produktion på en egen virtuell server (Digital Ocean).

#### English
##### Final Project

At this point, you will have the skills to work independently, able to plan and execute large web applications. We continue to push you out of your comfort zone and work with more complicated tools. In the final weeks of the bootcamp, you'll once again program a complex project, building on the many and varied skills you have developed over the previous weeks. You will work in a team to create a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) that would be ready to ship to a real customer.

### Learning objectives
Finialize Final project
### Weekend challenge
None
### Learning objectives
- Present Project to an audience 

### Guide

- **Monday: Week 11**
  - [ ] How to present and prepare for an audience - Faraz


- **Tuesday:**


- **Wednesday:**
  

- **Thursday:**


- **Friday:**

---------

- **Monday: Week 12**
 

- **Tuesday:**


- **Wednesday:**
  - [ ] Final Exam, week 12


- **Thursday:**
  - [ ] Morning: Dry run for the coaches 10:00 - All coaches


- **Friday:**
  - [ ] Afternoon: Camp Retro 14:00 - All coaches

## Please complete this checklist
 - [ ] Are all slides decks up to date?
   - [ ] Check one by one
 - [ ] Do the slides have talking points added if another coach needs to take over the talk/demo?
 - [ ] Do we have any talks/demos that will take more than 45 minutes to complete?
	 - [ ] Have we scheduled the longer talks/demo so that there are no conflicts with another demo?
 - [ ] Are all the appropriate slides added to the drive, and in the right folder?
 - [ ] Do we have any conflict in the schedule with the talks?
	 - [ ]  meetings
	 - [ ] double booking
	 - [ ] Bank Holidays
   - [ ] Coaches missing (CA labs sprint/vacation)
- [ ] Have all coaches done a dry run of the project?
- [ ] Do we need to update packages/gems/dependencies?
- [ ] Do we have recordings from previous talks available in the drive?
	- [ ] Are the talks named appropriately so that they are easily found? 
	- [ ] Are the recordings in the right folder?
- [ ] When was the last check made for typos etc?
	- [ ] Have you run the text through Grammarly?
- [ ] Are there any outstanding PRs towards the coach guides that need to be reviewed/merged?
- [ ] Is Teachable up to date?
- [ ] When will we enroll the students in the week challenge?
- [ ] Who will enroll the students in the course?
- [ ] Are the slides added to Teachable?
- [ ] **Have we gone through this checklist thoroughly or rushed through it?**
    - [ ] thoroughly
    - [ ] rushed (Please add reason)
